------- Basic authentication and security ----------


1) authentication :
In simple words, authentication is the process of determining whether someone or something is,
in fact, who or what it is declared to be. Like in real life when we are asked by the authorities
to provide an ID is because they want to ensure that we are how we claim to be. The same goes on the web.
But because the internet is such a big and people want to complete transaction from remote places there is the
need for some kind of authentication.
Usually the user provides some credential in a sign-up form that are meant to be the authentication method between
a user and a service provider (web-site).

2) authorization :
Once the user is authenticated then some permissions are granted to him to access some content like for example
his/hers profile or orders if the website is a commerce site. Usually (if not always) there many types of users
that have different permissions to access segments of a website, normally a user shouldn't be able to add, edit,
delete other users and if he tries to access a directory or a page that does so he/she should get a 401 error
mentioning that the user is unauthorized to perform some action.

3) confidentiality :
Confidentiality is some kind of reassurance that the bridge of communication of sensitive information from the user/client to server
and vice-versa is safe and no data is leaking, getting "sniffed" or tampered with in between. This is important
because if username and password are liked then there is a threat that the user on the other end is not the expected one.
So as a good rule of thumb is to never store passwords in databases to prevent this phenomenon. Instead a hashed value
(always with the same hashing algorithm)and usually salted (salting a pasword is when we add a long string of
characters to the password before hashing it) is stored to the database.

4) Integrity :
Integrity involves maintaining the consistency, accuracy, and trustworthiness of data over its entire life cycle.
Data must not be changed in transit, and steps must be taken to ensure that data cannot be altered by
unauthorized people (for example, in a breach of confidentiality).
Version control maybe used to prevent erroneous changes or accidental deletion by authorized users becoming a problem.

5)Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) & Transport Layer Security (TLS):
SSL/TSL are cryptographic protocols designed to provide communications security over a computer network.
These certificates are provides by approved licenced providers that are thoght to be credible and trust worthy.
A symmetric key exists in both ends of a transaction/communication to ensure that this conversation is private.

Example of usage:
In the 2nd but basically in the 3rd semester we added authentication in our websites that once a user got authenticated
and successfully loged in they where granted different permissions.Also we salted passwords and hashing them before
persisting them in the database. We also prodused SSL certificates on the 3rd semester that allowed us to have a secure
connection to our localserver... (kinda useless but it was a good demo to understand it).