
--------------Threats-----------------


1) Cross-site scripting (XSS) is a type of computer security vulnerability typically found in web applications.
Cross-site scripting (XSS) is when an attacker manages to inject a script through a form and fool the server/site to execute
this code giving the attacker endless possibilities to extract valuable data and use them in a malicious way.
A good practice is to disable remote scripting.

2)  SQL Injection-NoSQL injections
SQL injection is when a hacker/attacker manages to modify the original query that gets executed in a search field that
queries the database for example and fool it into returning sensitive information like passwords or other classified
information.

In NoSQL injections an SQL injection would not work since you can't query a NoSQL database with SQL.But this doesn't solve
the problem because NoSQL databases are build with programming languages and because they usually manipulate data like
JSON,XML etc. it is not possible to filter special characters that are used in this types of documents to prevent the injections.
So sanitizing input from HTML characters is not enough. For example an anonymous block of code ( "{" and "}" ) are the main characters
of JSON and there are a lot of possibilities to crack the system there. Therefor it always a good idea to check input validation
both in the client and the server to prevent most of attacks.

3) DOS-attacks:

Also known as denial-of-service attack, is an attack that doesn't try to steal data but disable a service by bombarding a
server with heavy-weight operations that take a lot of resources with a result to make a website/server unresponsive to
users. (if interested have a look at Low Orbit Ion Cannon ).

It is not easy to protect your server for those types of attacks because an attacker can generate more traffic that one can
handle. A way to partially remove this threat would be to stop taking and serving requests from an IP that shows abnormal
activity and suspicious behaviour.